Career plans

YAN XU- Software Engineer ( Ideal job)
As he is more interested in IoT and also have a great passion for this job, he see himself a good software engineer in the future. 
Moreover, a software engineer with suffient skills, are earning good bucks in MNCs and other well known companies from many years.
It is an evergreen job and as the passing years, it is becoming more successful.

SARAH BYLMAKERS- Cyber Security Analyst (Ideal Job)
Her career plan is also quite interesting. She is going to be a Cyber Security Analyst in future after getting appropriate knowledge and
qualification for this job. She is really very good in IT among our group members. 

NEGAR FARSHCHI- Security Analyst (Ideal Job)
Negar's future plan matches with Sarah as she wants to be a Security Analyst to improve the overall security of the company as well as
minimising the security issues in fastest and adequate way as possible. It has a great career scope in the upcoming years as the world
is getting more technical day by day and the security issues are also increasing with this.

TODD BYRNES- Security Analyst (Ideal Job)
As Nel, he also finds Cyber Security job appealing to him. He also finds Internet security as another interesting field. Both of these 
fields have a great future and great earnings and these are also beneficial for many countries due to increasing Cyber crimes.

Si Cong Qian(Denish)- Data Consultant (ideal Job)
The role of a data consultant is to utilise data to create maximum impact for their client in the form insights, data products or 
product recommendations. This position is appealing to him because it involves multidisciplinary understanding and work,
proficiency in communication skills as well as technical skills, and high-­level problem solving on a regular basis which is
ideal for building a challenging and fulfilling career.

GUNJEET KAUR- Project Manager(Ideal Job)
A project manager is a person who has the overall responsibility for the successful initiation, planning, designing, execution,
monitoring, controlling and closure of a project.As she is interested in designing and planning of things, she wants to be a
project manager in the upcoming years. She will have enough skills and knowledge after getting appropriate knowledge and experience 
for this job.project manager is having a good scope from many years with a good earning packages in many countries.

We have not changed our opinion for our career and jobs. According to the data and resources we have gathered from the internet, the job
titles/ occupations we chose are either popular or will be highly in demand in the near future.

All our group members have opinions that they have made the right choices in selecting their
ideal job in the future at this stage. After reading through burning glass and all other resources
available on the internet, we have got a better idea in which area or skills we need to work on
more in order to land ourselves a job in the field that we are interested in.

As explained above, there are some elements which are common in our group members. Sarah, Negar and Todd hold the same point of view
for their future as Security Analysts. Whether other group members have different jobs but not different fields. We all can work as a
team for the projects as everyone is having a suitable job for the team work. 


