Personal Information
The Recyclers
Yan Xu s3747503
Yan grew up in the city Fuzhou in China where he lived for 18 years, he came to Australia in
2008 to study civil engineering and later changed career paths to become an automotive
mechanic. After study, he worked in the automotive industry as a mechanic and car salesman.
Yan loves fishing: rock-­fishing, pier-­fishing, rock-­fishing as well as squidling. However, he easily
gets seasick so he does not like to go boat-­fishing. He lives with his wife, one year old daughter
and his pet golden retriever named Cookie.
Yan’s interest in IT began after he acquired his permanent residency in Australia and now
desires a more sustainable career, he feels the sales and retail industry will be gradually
replaced by e-­commerce which is a more modern and cost-­effective method to generate sales.
Yan is now studying IT at RMIT University and is interested in the smart home area of IoT and
although he has never done programming before, after studying IT for a few weeks he found he
really enjoys it and is amazed by how stacks of code can change lives of people so significantly.
Sarah Bylmakers s3736964
Sarah grew up in Sydney where she completed her NSW HSC last year in 2017. She moved to
Melbourne in the beginning of July 2018 where she is now studying IT at RMIT as she has
always had an interest in IT since a young age, tinkering with her family computers which
allowed her to unlock the truth behind how a game of pinball could be played on a screen.
As a teenager, Sarah began learning the intricacies of computers through coding, learning Java,
Python, Swift, SQL and C# amongst many others, attempting to understand the interaction
between these languages and the computer. This early interest lead her to study the subject
Software Design and Development in high school, which has now lead her to study Information
Technology at the tertiary education level.
Negar (Nel) Farshchi s3636862
Nel grew up in Iran and is bilingual in both English and Persian, she has also taken classes in
Dutch and French but only remembers the basics such as salute (hi) and je ne parle pas francais
(I don’t speak French). She remembers this line because she went on a field trip to France in
school and was told to say that to anyone who tried to speak with her.
Nel enjoys baking new recipes that she finds on google, with her favourite being calorie-­dense
chocolate filled cake. Besides baking, she is interested in IT which began in middle school when
she had compulsory robotics and aerospace engineering classes. In these classes, she
designed a hovercraft and an ROV with her group, both qualified her for the international
RoboCup championships. It was after these events that she realised if she knew IT, she could
build and do anything.
After researching the field of cyber security and realising how important its role is in the working
world, Nel enrolled into IT at RMIT University as she realised there will be an abundance of jobs
and opportunities to explore, moreover, the world is becoming increasingly technological and so
by studying IT she will be able to greatly understand what occurs around the world.
Todd Brynes s3540652
Todd grew up in Australia and graduated from high school in 2014 and studied an Associate
Degree of Engineering Technology (Computer and Network Engineering). Following this, he
completed one year of the Bachelor of Engineering Technology and found his passion leaned
more towards IT-­related courses which is why he is now studying a Bachelor of IT at RMIT.
Todd has always been passionate about IT, in childhood he loved tinkering with computers and
other tech-­devices, by using machinery create ideas and bring them to fruition is something he
has always been fascinated by. In high school, he had the opportunity to work at an IT solutions
company for 2 weeks and gained invaluable knowledge of the industry as he dealt with resetting
of client servers and routers, as well as being tasked to initiate a new school student network
package. Furthermore, in his free time Todd works online as a content creator on Youtube and
Twitch to generate a source of income.
Si Cong (Denish) Qian s3432449
Denish grew up in Australia and is bilingual in both English and Mandarin. After graduating from
high school, he went on to study a Bachelor of Biomedical Science and decided it was not for
him, instead pursuing a career in IT as he believes it will dominate and transform the future of the
working world. His hobby is drawing, whilst he is not particularly good at it, he enjoys the
therapeutical aspects of it.
Denish was not always interested in IT until he realised it will become the most demanded
skillset in the future and wanted to be in a position where he can navigate an increasingly
digitalised future and take advantage of the opportunities available.
Gunjeet Kaur s3743438
Gunjeet grew up in India where she passed her senior secondary eduation in 2017 and came to
Australia to study IT at RMIT University. She is also doing a part-time job at Hungry Jacks. She is trilingual in English, Hindi
and Punjabi. Her familyis made up of 6 members including herself, mother, father, brother, sister
and a dog called Naini.Basketball is a hobby of Gunjeet which she played in high school and in multiple tournaments,
she cherishes the memories of playing basketball with her coach and friends. Her interest in IT
stems from her fascination in learning about the technological world such as how sensors work,
automatic doors function and all the other amazing features that technology can bring to life.
